FEATURE CE-873: Integrate Inspector into secure baseline module (#28)
VerticeOne/fork-terraform-aws-secure-baseline: README.md

| <a name="input_guardduty_member_accounts"></a> [guardduty\_member\_accounts](#input\_guardduty\_member\_accounts) | A list of IDs and emails of AWS accounts which associated as member accounts for GuardDuty. This overrides `member_accounts` for GuardDuty. | <pre>list(object({<br>    account_id = string<br>    email      = string<br>  }))</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_iam_baseline_enabled"></a> [iam\_baseline\_enabled](#input\_iam\_baseline\_enabled) | Boolean whether iam-baseline is enabled. | `bool` | no |
| <a name="input_iam_changes_enabled"></a> [iam\_changes\_enabled](#input\_iam\_changes\_enabled) | The boolean flag whether the iam\_changes alarm is enabled or not. No resources are created when set to false. | `bool` | no |

> | <a name="input_inspector_delegated_admin_account_id"></a> [inspector\_delegated\_admin\_account\_id](#input\_inspector\_delegated\_admin\_account\_id) | AWS account ID withing AWS Organization that should become delegated administrator of Inspector. This overrides the global `master_account_id` for Inspector. | `string` | no |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <a name="input_inspector_delegated_admin_account_id"></a> [inspector\_delegated\_admin\_account\_id](#input\_inspector\_delegated\_admin\_account\_id) | AWS account ID within AWS Organization that should become delegated administrator of Inspector. This overrides the global `master_account_id` for Inspector. | `string` | no |
```

Author: Done.

| <a name="input_inspector_enabled"></a> [inspector\_enabled](#input\_inspector\_enabled) | Boolean whether the inspector-baseline module is enabled or disabled | `bool` | no |

> | <a name="input_inspector_member_accounts"></a> [inspector\_member\_accounts](#input\_inspector\_member\_accounts) | A list of IDs and emails of AWS accounts which associated as member accounts for Inspector. This overrides `member_accounts` for Inspector. | <pre>list(object({<br>    account_id = string<br>    email      = string<br>  }))</pre> | no |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <a name="input_inspector_member_accounts"></a> [inspector\_member\_accounts](#input\_inspector\_member\_accounts) | A list of IDs and emails of AWS accounts to be associated as member accounts for Inspector. This overrides `member_accounts` for Inspector. | <pre>list(object({<br>    account_id = string<br>    email      = string<br>  }))</pre> | no |
```

Author: Done.
